Add tiup microservices section (#17941)
pingcap/docs: command-line-flags-for-scheduling-configuration.md

---
title: Scheduling Configuration Flags
summary: The scheduling configuration flags can be configured via command line flags or environment variables.
---

# Scheduling Configuration Flags

The Scheduling node is used for providing the `scheduling` microservice for PD. You can configure it using command-line flags or environment variables.

## `--advertise-listen-addr`

- The URL for the client to access the Scheduling node.
- Default: `${listen-addr}`
- In some situations such as in Docker or NAT network environments, if a client cannot access the Scheduling node through the default client URLs listened to by `scheduling`, you must manually set `--advertise-listen-addr` for client access.

> - For example, the internal IP address of Docker is `172.17.0.1`, while the IP address of the host is `192.168.100.113` and the port mapping is set to `-p 3379:3379`. In this case, you can set `--advertise-listen-addr="http://192.168.100.113:3379"`. Then, the client can find this service through `"http://192.168.100.113:3379"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For example, the internal IP address of Docker is `172.17.0.1`, while the IP address of the host is `192.168.100.113` and the port mapping is set to `-p 3379:3379`. In this case, you can set `--advertise-listen-addr="http://192.168.100.113:3379"`. Then, the client can find this service through `http://192.168.100.113:3379`.
```

## `--backend-endpoints`

- The list of backend endpoints of other Scheduling nodes that the current Scheduling node listens to.
- Default: `http://127.0.0.1:2379`

## `--cacert`

- The file path of CA, used to enable TLS.
- Default: `""`

## `--cert`

> - The path of the PEM file including the X509 certificate, used to enable TLS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The path of the PEM file including the X.509 certificate, used to enable TLS.
```

- Default: `""`

## `--config`

- The configuration file.
- Default: `""`
- If you specify a configuration file, the Scheduling node first reads configurations from that file. If the same configurations are also specified via command line flags, the Scheduling node uses the command line flag configurations to overwrite those in the configuration file.

## `--data-dir`

- The path to the data directory on the Scheduling node.
- Default: `"default.${name}"`

## `--key`

> - The path of the PEM file including the X509 key, used to enable TLS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The path of the PEM file including the X.509 key, used to enable TLS.
```
